BEN--(A vending machine? Maybe there's more mango juice...)
MAO--AAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!
BEN--(Oh no.)
NARRATOR--You see a black cat plushie banging on the glass of the vending machine, pinned between two snack bars.
MAO--HELP! IT'S TRYING TO EAT ME!!
NARRATOR--Next to her is a dog plush eerily similar to the iPad pup from the snack aisle. He seems rather calm compared to his friend, although both of them appear to be trapped in the machine.
'GROWL'--It's not even moving, Mao.
NARRATOR--She blinks at her surroundings for a moment then opens her mouth to scream again.
NARRATOR--You quickly cut her off before she makes you deaf.
BEN--Hey uh, are you Haruki's sister?
MAO--Yeah! Wait, how do you know that? Who are you??
BEN--I met her in the front of the store. She asked me to look for you.
MAO--Oh. How long have I been gone? Is she safe?
BEN--She's alright, she's waiting outside for you.
BEN--So...how did you end up in here anyway?
'GROWL'--She thought it was a bathroom.
MAO--(She looks embarrassed.) Growl!
'GROWL'--I told you, that's not my name.
MAO--Look, if your twin is named Howl, your name should be Growl.
BEN--Uh, I think we're getting a little sidetracked here.
MAO--Oh, sorry.
MAO--I couldn't reach the light switch, so I managed to get stuck in here.
BEN--(I feel like she left out a few steps...) What about Growl?
'GROWL'--That's not-
MAO--He was trying to help me, then he got stuck too.
MAO--Now we're going to be crushed to death.
MAO--So uh...any chance you could help?
NARRATOR--You move to the side of the vending machine and try the key on the door. When that doesn't work, you try to just yank it off.
'GROWL'--Yeah...no offense, but I don't think you're strong enough for that.
MAO--You could try buying a snack?
NARRATOR--You fish out the dollar you'd saved for some mango juice. 
BEN--(This place really doesn't want me to get my drink.)
NARRATOR--You stick the money in and press the buttons for the snack bars.
NARRATOR--It doesn't work either, of course. The vending machine is jammed right where the two toys are stuck. And now you're short a dollar.
'GROWL'--What about breaking the glass?
MAO--Didn't you just say he wasn't strong enough?
BEN--Actually, I think I might have the perfect thing for this.
NARRATOR--You pull out the Harummer in all its glory, and Mao gasps.
MAO--The Harummer! Of course!
NARRATOR--You close your eyes and bring down the Harummer with all your might.
NARRATOR--The glass shatters easily, coating the toys in broken pieces. 
NARRATOR--You pick them up and brush them off. You place them near the door once they aren't in danger of hurting themselves.
MAO--I should hurry back, but thanks!
'GROWL'--...Thanks.
NARRATOR--They both disappear through a crack in the door. 