BEN--(A vending machine? Maybe there's more mango juice...)
MAO--AAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!
BEN--(Oh no.)
NARRATOR--You see a black cat plushie banging on the glass of the vending machine, pinned between two snack bars.
MAO--HELP! IT'S TRYING TO EAT ME!!
NARRATOR--Next to her is a dog plush eerily similar to the iPad pup from the snack aisle. He seems rather calm compared to his friend, although both of them appear to be trapped in the machine.
'GROWL'--It's not even moving, Mao.
NARRATOR--She blinks at her surroundings for a moment then opens her mouth to scream again.
NARRATOR--You quickly cut her off before she makes you deaf.
BEN--Hey uh, are you Haruki's sister?
MAO--Yeah! Wait, how do you know that? Who are you??
BEN--I met her in the front of the store. She asked me to look for you.
MAO--Oh. How long have I been gone? Is she safe?
BEN--She's alright, she's waiting outside for you.
BEN--So...how did you end up in here anyway?
'GROWL'--She thought it was a bathroom.
MAO--(She looks embarrassed.) Growl!
'GROWL'--I told you, that's not my name.
MAO--Look, if your twin is named Howl, your name should be Growl.
BEN--Uh, I think we're getting a little sidetracked here.
MAO--Oh, sorry.
MAO--I couldn't reach the light switch, so I managed to get stuck in here.
BEN--(I feel like she left out a few steps...) What about Growl?
'GROWL'--That's not-
MAO--He was trying to help me, then he got stuck too.
MAO--Now we're going to be crushed to death.
MAO--So uh...any chance you could help?
NARRATOR--You move to the side of the vending machine and try the key on the door. When that doesn't work, you try to just yank it off.
'GROWL'--Yeah...no offense, but I don't think you're strong enough for that.
MAO--You could try buying a snack?
NARRATOR--You fish out the dollar you'd saved for some mango juice. 
BEN--(This place really doesn't want me to get my drink.)
NARRATOR--You stick the money in and press the buttons for the snack bars.
NARRATOR--It doesn't work either, of course. The vending machine is jammed right where the two toys are stuck. And now you're short a dollar.
'GROWL'--What about breaking the glass?
MAO--Didn't you just say he wasn't strong enough?
BEN--Hold on. I'm thinking.
NARRATOR--You look through your things again. 
BEN--(Those scissors Atlas told me to keep. Maybe those will work?)
BEN--I'll try to pick the lock. Give me a few minutes.
MAO--With those? Uh, okay. Good luck, I guess.
NARRATOR--You slip the blade into the key hole, and you apply some pressure. The blade easily cuts through the metal.
BEN--Actually, I think I might have a better idea.
'GROWL'--Oh boy, here we go.
NARRATOR--You use the scissors to cut a toy-sized hole through the side of the vending machine.
NARRATOR--They scramble out once the hole is large enough.
MAO--I should hurry back, but thanks!
'GROWL'--...Thanks.
BEN--No problem-
NARRATOR--You find that the suddenly scissors refuse to budge. You try to tug on them, but they yank you in the other direction.
'GROWL'--Let go!
MAO--Wait! Don't-
NARRATOR--The scissors break free from your hands and pierce through the vending machine. It bounces around the room, chopping through anything in its way. 
MAO--RUUUNNN!
NARRATOR--You pick the toys up and dash out the door. The others in the store scramble after you when they see the rogue scissors...